[2021-06-15T16:00:26.000Z]	<Kevin_[Spruce_Systems]> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-credentials/2021May/0167.html[2021-06-15T16:00:26.456Z]	<Markus_Sabadello>	present+[2021-06-15T16:00:26.457Z]	<Charles_E._Lehner>	present+[2021-06-15T16:00:26.458Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	present+[2021-06-15T16:00:26.459Z]	<TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(openlinksw.com)>	present+[2021-06-15T16:00:26.971Z]	<mprorock>	present+[2021-06-15T16:00:27.769Z]	<IdentityWoman>	present+[2021-06-15T16:00:39.473Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	present+[2021-06-15T16:00:56.386Z]	<Eric_Schuh>	present+[2021-06-15T16:01:02.728Z]	<Kevin_[Spruce_Systems]>	present+[2021-06-15T16:01:44.969Z]	<Chris_Winczewski>	present+[2021-06-15T16:01:49.117Z]	<Kerri_Lemoie>	present+[2021-06-15T16:01:51.065Z]	<Joe_Andrieu>	present+[2021-06-15T16:01:55.306Z]	<chriswinc>	present+[2021-06-15T16:01:58.315Z]	<Kerri_Lemoie>	present+[2021-06-15T16:02:04.869Z]	<Manu_Sporny>	present+[2021-06-15T16:02:07.697Z]	<econnell>	present+[2021-06-15T16:02:17.990Z]	<GeunHyung_Kim>	present+[2021-06-15T16:02:31.819Z]	<econnell>	present+[2021-06-15T16:02:32.732Z]	<Kerri_Lemoie>	present+[2021-06-15T16:02:53.516Z]	<Dmitri_Z>	present+[2021-06-15T16:03:37.886Z]	<Phil.L>	present+[2021-06-15T16:03:39.242Z]	<Geun-Hyung>	present+[2021-06-15T16:03:49.866Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	present+[2021-06-15T16:03:54.418Z]	<cel>	present+[2021-06-15T16:04:01.196Z]	<Brian>	present+[2021-06-15T16:05:41.460Z]	<econnell>	I can do it![2021-06-15T16:05:52.663Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	scribe+ econnell[2021-06-15T16:06:00.707Z]	<econnell>	my mic is glitchy[2021-06-15T16:06:06.952Z]	<manu>	hooray, ty econnell !!! :)[2021-06-15T16:06:09.021Z]	<econnell>	ok![2021-06-15T16:06:28.611Z]	<econnell>	wayne: introductions and reintroductions[2021-06-15T16:07:16.018Z]	<manu>	q+[2021-06-15T16:07:20.863Z]	<econnell>	wayne: announcements and reminders[2021-06-15T16:07:20.917Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:07:26.612Z]	<Phil.L>	present+[2021-06-15T16:07:46.225Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	present+[2021-06-15T16:07:53.962Z]	<Manu_Sporny>	https://www.w3.org/TR/2021/CR-did-core-20210615/[2021-06-15T16:07:56.493Z]	<econnell>	manu: DID spec has entered candidate recommendation.[2021-06-15T16:08:07.185Z]	<rgrant>	present+[2021-06-15T16:08:57.748Z]	<econnell>	manu: implementations were expected, we didn't get those, so second recommendation was activated. some things may be removed from the spec as a result[2021-06-15T16:09:15.965Z]	<econnell>	manu: anything removed will be moved to the registry.[2021-06-15T16:09:46.876Z]	<econnell>	manu: just went live today, looking for implementations and feedback.[2021-06-15T16:09:51.401Z]	<mprorock>	manu, any high priority at risk items folks on the call can help with to prevent issues?[2021-06-15T16:10:04.310Z]	<Chris_Winczewski>	present+[2021-06-15T16:10:11.256Z]	<econnell>	manu: almost to the end now, things are smoothing out.[2021-06-15T16:11:07.923Z]	<econnell>	manu: #2 linked data secure working group charter is under debate. the thread is about 200 email deep, there is heavy opposition from 2 people in the semantic web community, and the charter will reflect that input[2021-06-15T16:11:54.359Z]	<econnell>	manu: restructuring of the work is under way, and then it will proceed. summer is also slowing things down, so likely a few months before that is worked out.[2021-06-15T16:11:56.909Z]	<manu>	https://w3c.github.io/lds-wg-charter/[2021-06-15T16:12:07.504Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:12:15.855Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Identity[2021-06-15T16:13:04.083Z]	<econnell>	identity woman: dates are going to be set for a half day IIW special topics unconference focused on user experience in SSI, and a separate half day focused on the business of SSI[2021-06-15T16:13:29.249Z]	<econnell>	... will announce the dates once they are set[2021-06-15T16:13:49.220Z]	<econnell>	wayne: thanks for making the work accessible to everyone[2021-06-15T16:14:14.796Z]	<econnell>	...work item (please fill in number) is moving forward[2021-06-15T16:15:00.116Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	q+[2021-06-15T16:15:06.185Z]	<David_Lehn>	present+[2021-06-15T16:15:13.805Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:15:16.058Z]	<econnell>	wayne: today's business - wacky pecs (sp?) what is it and what is the progress to date.[2021-06-15T16:15:23.977Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Juan[2021-06-15T16:16:00.865Z]	<FN395b84bf5e3ee567e73d7ca157ce536c>	present+[2021-06-15T16:16:16.518Z]	<econnell>	juan: Wallet and Credential Interaction Spec, proposes a simple way for wallets to interact with issuers[2021-06-15T16:16:53.481Z]	<econnell>	... waiting for input from implementors[2021-06-15T16:16:58.102Z]	<kezike>	present+[2021-06-15T16:17:09.201Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:17:29.519Z]	<identitywoman_>	It originated out of IIW - https://identity.foundation/arewewaciyet/[2021-06-15T16:17:33.542Z]	<econnell>	... "envelopes around a blob containing an intent/expressing an intent"[2021-06-15T16:18:13.712Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q+[2021-06-15T16:18:20.250Z]	<manu>	q+ to raise branding concerns, to ask what the overlap is with the VP Request specification, to understand the convergence story.[2021-06-15T16:18:21.357Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Wayne[2021-06-15T16:18:28.729Z]	<econnell>	... now that the iteration of aries protocol is trickling down, present proof is being used[2021-06-15T16:18:42.256Z]	<econnell>	wayne: example?[2021-06-15T16:19:05.568Z]	<TallTed>	"wacky-pecs" is an unfortunate pronunciation. This horse has probably long left the barn, but something less "funny or amusing in a slightly odd or peculiar way"-"pectoral muscles" would be recommended next time folks bikeshed a name.[2021-06-15T16:19:46.735Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:19:47.357Z]	<econnell>	juan: the intention of WACI is to allow a verifier to accept credentials  - handshake before presentation exchange - the handshake can be any combination of the two[2021-06-15T16:19:47.941Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	q+[2021-06-15T16:19:48.951Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	manu manu[2021-06-15T16:19:51.344Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:20:28.286Z]	<mprorock>	+1 manu[2021-06-15T16:20:45.271Z]	<identitywoman_>	How about Killer Whale Jello Salad?[2021-06-15T16:20:47.942Z]	<econnell>	manu: +1 to TallTed - "wacky" is a terrible name, please reconsider it - it's a hard sell to clients[2021-06-15T16:22:11.694Z]	<econnell>	... what is the difference between this and a vc presentation spec? beyond being "the aries way to do it". Do we need to start talking about merging these? Juan hinted at this could be used for the VC HTTP API - if we do that, what is the convergence story?[2021-06-15T16:22:48.809Z]	<econnell>	...this feels duplicative, is it different, how, and should they merge?[2021-06-15T16:23:25.683Z]	<manu>	q+ it's not a retrofit - at least, not on my reading of it.[2021-06-15T16:23:42.077Z]	<econnell>	juan: there is a sort of convergence story built in, it may be a retrofit?[2021-06-15T16:24:00.977Z]	<econnell>	wayne: any comments about the name?[2021-06-15T16:24:01.672Z]	<Phil.L>	+1 a name change would be very wise.[2021-06-15T16:24:22.746Z]	<econnell>	juan: this is work in progress, the name may not be intended to be the public name[2021-06-15T16:24:29.779Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack adrian[2021-06-15T16:25:24.884Z]	<econnell>	adrian: moving to a higher level, where might there be a consent management interface into wallets? does it belong somewhere in this conversation? can there be a pluggable API for consent management/mix and match of credentials?[2021-06-15T16:25:33.472Z]	<Orie>	present+[2021-06-15T16:25:35.863Z]	<manu>	I would expect that's going to be higher up on the stack.[2021-06-15T16:25:47.687Z]	<Orie>	Sry I am late[2021-06-15T16:25:53.446Z]	<Lucy_Yang>	present+[2021-06-15T16:25:57.329Z]	<Orie>	q+[2021-06-15T16:26:02.945Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:26:09.802Z]	<econnell>	juan: in the presentation exchange model, those policies are not external or granular as much as you're asking, but will defer to someone who knows policy exchange better[2021-06-15T16:26:23.125Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:26:23.141Z]	<Phil.L>	I still haven't heard a clear description of how presentation exchange and WACI complement, overlap, or do different things.[2021-06-15T16:27:21.321Z]	<identitywoman_>	https://iiw.idcommons.net/24B/_More_Killer_Whale_Jello_Salad...figuring_out_how_credential_exchange_can_harmonize.[2021-06-15T16:27:32.250Z]	<identitywoman_>	https://iiw.idcommons.net/22H/_Figuring_out_Verifiable_Credentials_Exchange_-_combining_Bloom,_Aires_Protocols,_Presentation_Exchange_into_a_unified_-_Killer_Whale_Jello_Salad[2021-06-15T16:27:43.314Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:27:48.311Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Ident[2021-06-15T16:27:48.746Z]	<econnell>	manu: juan, you seem to indicate a convergence story, I don't see that - I see it as an alternative path. I see alot of overlap, but not convergence yet. Either we have 2 things with 50% overlap and wallets need to support both, or there will be convergence. That's my biggest concern[2021-06-15T16:27:50.029Z]	<identitywoman_>	https://iiw.idcommons.net/12F/_Credentials_Exchange_-_figuring_it_out_-_(Jello_Bowl_Death_Match%3F)_%E2%80%93[2021-06-15T16:29:29.411Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:29:31.444Z]	<econnell>	identity woman: this specific group grew out of 3 IIW sessions, notes are in the irc, the story is aries community achieving some level of interop, and another community achieving some interop, and they need a way to move credentials between them. This was a proactive attempt to allow that movement between universes[2021-06-15T16:29:32.217Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Orie[2021-06-15T16:30:39.930Z]	<cel>	QueryByExample?[2021-06-15T16:31:05.296Z]	<econnell>	orie: manu, you're right they are not equivalent, but they are equivalent in intention. there's direct alignment between query by frame and this flow.[2021-06-15T16:31:18.271Z]	<manu>	q+ yes, that's my concern -- QueryByExample, QueryByFrame, and now PEX as three different query languages...[2021-06-15T16:32:06.142Z]	<econnell>	... there is compatibility there, it's a way to move presentations back and forth. re:policy enforcement, the presentation object allows a more granular expression than query by frame itself[2021-06-15T16:32:43.028Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:32:46.382Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:33:11.792Z]	<econnell>	manu: thanks, Orie, that helps. We now have 3 presentation request response language[2021-06-15T16:33:27.527Z]	<Orie>	q+[2021-06-15T16:33:33.102Z]	<Orie>	You only really have 2[2021-06-15T16:33:43.618Z]	<Orie>	QueryByFrame, and QueryByExample[2021-06-15T16:35:05.453Z]	<econnell>	...query by example, query by frame, pecs that adds more stuff like jots. What that tells me is we have 3 interoperable mechanisms, which is fine. if we have them and they are not going to converge anytime soon, that means we have to figure out how we move these protocols over chapi, vc http api should be agnotic about protocols, the overall protocol should not care about what is being sent back and forth[2021-06-15T16:35:10.304Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:35:12.293Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Orie[2021-06-15T16:35:46.123Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	many many envelopes around a Query-by-Frame :D[2021-06-15T16:36:01.874Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	what is query by frame?[2021-06-15T16:36:21.472Z]	<manu>	q+ to note maybe what we have here is exchange protocols (CHAPI, VC HTTP API, DIDComm) and presentation request/response languages (QBE and QBF)[2021-06-15T16:36:41.016Z]	<econnell>	orie: jots are just transport, there are only 2 ways, query by example, query by frame which is more useful, frame contains the data that needs to be applied to give you an answer. You could go to one quickly by just using query by frame.[2021-06-15T16:36:44.436Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	@Adrian it is a variant of this:https://w3c-ccg.github.io/vp-request-spec/#format[2021-06-15T16:37:33.575Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:37:40.318Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	Cf also https://www.w3.org/TR/json-ld11-framing/[2021-06-15T16:38:07.479Z]	<Orie>	yep, exchange protocols, and exchange data models[2021-06-15T16:38:18.256Z]	<mprorock>	yes +1[2021-06-15T16:38:27.668Z]	<Orie>	exchange data models = [ QueryByExample, QueryByFrame ][2021-06-15T16:38:43.903Z]	<Orie>	exchange protocols = [DIDComm, CHAPI, VC-HTTP-API][2021-06-15T16:38:46.815Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	q+[2021-06-15T16:38:52.210Z]	<Orie>	+1 Manu[2021-06-15T16:38:54.912Z]	<econnell>	manu: there are 2 layers, the exchange protocol (they should be agnostic) query by example and query by frame. I think that's what I'm hearing, and that seems good, we should make sure we don't accidentally converge. To the community, is this framing good?[2021-06-15T16:38:56.174Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Adrian[2021-06-15T16:39:45.753Z]	<manu>	q+ I think we're already considering holder separately from issuer/verifier... I think this fits with VC HTTP API.[2021-06-15T16:39:49.356Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:39:53.123Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	q?[2021-06-15T16:39:56.642Z]	<econnell>	adrian: this discussion, would it be easier if in the context of VC HTTP API we were to consider the parties separately? Are these 2 layers part of that discussion? Issuer/verifier or Holder perspective?[2021-06-15T16:40:13.021Z]	<Orie>	there is another layer, which credential data model constraints = [ PresentationDefinition, credentialSchema][2021-06-15T16:40:51.834Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:40:52.942Z]	<econnell>	manu: we have made that separation, but there isn't general understanding of that in the group yet. you're not forced into only one of those points of view. it will take more work to convince others that this is already the view[2021-06-15T16:41:07.707Z]	<Orie>	q+[2021-06-15T16:41:11.132Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Orie[2021-06-15T16:41:59.074Z]	<econnell>	orie: there's another layer here about constraints expressed by verifier, there could be other restraints applied.[2021-06-15T16:42:41.719Z]	<econnell>	... that category of constraints is less relevant to exchange[2021-06-15T16:43:16.009Z]	<Manu_Sporny>	It's helping...[2021-06-15T16:44:08.130Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:44:12.168Z]	<econnell>	... you can think of  them as semantic sugar. presentation exchange is hard to understand because of these layers. presentation submission extends verifiable presentations[2021-06-15T16:44:17.340Z]	<econnell>	wayne: VC HTTP API use cases and authorization[2021-06-15T16:44:17.450Z]	<Eric_Schuh>	q+[2021-06-15T16:44:21.578Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Eric[2021-06-15T16:44:29.616Z]	<Eric_Schuh>	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-u0_Ub6feiX6DH3jXFJFjt6n3CwKGpkmC3VISqDkWL4/edit#[2021-06-15T16:45:22.534Z]	<Brian_Richter>	present+[2021-06-15T16:45:39.522Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	q+[2021-06-15T16:45:40.593Z]	<econnell>	eric: I can give an overview, posted a link in chat, our timelines are on the screen. today is the last day for use-cases, submit any others soon. We have 10 or so use-cases, and maybe 20 solution statements. If anyone wants to expand them, please do so.[2021-06-15T16:45:45.266Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Juan[2021-06-15T16:46:11.624Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 to more Use Cases, please! Good stories help immensely.[2021-06-15T16:47:09.685Z]	<econnell>	juan: a call for help to get more use-cases in, and the discussion in the weekly meetings has been about defining scope, and a thinner layer for this API, and the division of labor, convergence path, this API is a little thin and if you have not been following, read through these pages and diagrams at the github repo[2021-06-15T16:49:06.896Z]	<econnell>	... these notes will help contextualize, what we are hoping for is use-cases that are phrased in real-world language that convey complicated divisions of labor. In the real world, situations are more complex and have different divisions of labor, we need those use-cases that doesn't name specific solutions[2021-06-15T16:49:07.537Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	Every time you contribute to a use case, an angel earns its wings.[2021-06-15T16:49:14.043Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:49:35.166Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:49:39.828Z]	<econnell>	wayne: use-cases are critical, thanks for the work on this[2021-06-15T16:49:47.836Z]	<identitywoman_>	I forgot to mention  something in the convesration re: WACI-PEx that we have recomended this in the Good Health Pass Blurprint because it provides a path for interoperability between clusters of interop[2021-06-15T16:50:04.152Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	^ Interop WG will be an hourlong discussion of this![2021-06-15T16:50:07.432Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	this week[2021-06-15T16:50:16.727Z]	<econnell>	wayne: VC HTTP API authorization[2021-06-15T16:50:28.661Z]	<manu>	q+[2021-06-15T16:50:31.388Z]	<identitywoman_>	Here is a link to look at the recomendations - https://wiki.trustoverip.org/display/HOME/GHP+Blueprint+Public+Review+Process and to comment on them.[2021-06-15T16:50:32.721Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:50:46.865Z]	<mprorock>	sacrificial lamb[2021-06-15T16:52:17.189Z]	<Orie>	all endpoints need authorization... unless you want to be DDoS'ed off the internet.[2021-06-15T16:52:17.736Z]	<econnell>	manu: I will try to summarize. There is a  discussion around a client is allowed to call the endpoint. that question is answered by who is allowed to call it. do we need authorization? is a bearer token enough? are we making sure delegation support the self sovereign principles we hold near and dear? We are looking at use-cases, and so on.[2021-06-15T16:52:28.954Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:52:39.149Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	a fair intro[2021-06-15T16:52:47.660Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:52:50.091Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	q+[2021-06-15T16:52:54.572Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Adrian[2021-06-15T16:53:31.702Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	q+[2021-06-15T16:53:56.072Z]	<rgrant>	q?[2021-06-15T16:53:56.805Z]	<TallTed>	q+[2021-06-15T16:53:58.045Z]	<econnell>	adrian: manu's intro is fair, the question does boil down to is a bearer token enough or do we need to think about more complicated protocols? Internal/external APIs is the other point of conversation.[2021-06-15T16:53:59.867Z]	<mprorock>	hard stop for me at top of hour unfortunately[2021-06-15T16:54:07.071Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	q-[2021-06-15T16:54:08.617Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	q+[2021-06-15T16:54:10.431Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:54:12.293Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Tall[2021-06-15T16:54:13.342Z]	<Orie>	q+[2021-06-15T16:54:31.767Z]	<Orie>	Maybe Ted will cover it, i think we agree on this point.[2021-06-15T16:54:38.969Z]	<Orie>	+1 Ted[2021-06-15T16:54:48.260Z]	<mprorock>	+1 ted - treat all APIs as external[2021-06-15T16:54:53.495Z]	<manu>	yes, +1 to that[2021-06-15T16:54:59.146Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	+1[2021-06-15T16:55:02.847Z]	<econnell>	tallted: I feel strongly that the API design should be as if they are all external[2021-06-15T16:55:06.054Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:55:07.699Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Juan[2021-06-15T16:55:11.453Z]	<manu>	ooh, breakthrough, maybe?[2021-06-15T16:55:18.495Z]	<Adrian_Gropper>	q+[2021-06-15T16:55:36.514Z]	<manu>	q+ to get proposals in today on mailinglist[2021-06-15T16:56:02.549Z]	<econnell>	juan: the question of bearer token being enough should be per use-case[2021-06-15T16:56:16.412Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	q-[2021-06-15T16:56:17.212Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:56:20.753Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Orie[2021-06-15T16:56:44.931Z]	<econnell>	orie: agree with Ted about treating all APIs as external as a security best practice[2021-06-15T16:57:25.473Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q>[2021-06-15T16:57:27.744Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack Adrian[2021-06-15T16:57:28.503Z]	<econnell>	we want to see a scheme that supports both software services acting for individuals, and individuals acting for software services[2021-06-15T16:57:31.915Z]	<cel>	 all services considered external: this is what zero-trust-architecture means, right?[2021-06-15T16:57:52.951Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	^ that's definitely a major tenet of it[2021-06-15T16:58:49.101Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	q?[2021-06-15T16:58:50.447Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	ack manu[2021-06-15T16:58:52.195Z]	<econnell>	adrian: +1 to all APIs as external, and there is some dispute about delegation point that orie just made. OAuth as regulatory capture in the healthcare has been a train wreck. where delegation belongs is one of my major concerns[2021-06-15T16:59:23.338Z]	<Orie>	I made proposals on the mailing list, hopefully they will be run.[2021-06-15T16:59:38.598Z]	<mprorock>	orie - link?[2021-06-15T16:59:55.104Z]	<econnell>	manu: we will be focusing on PRs, and concrete proposals that you want to run and want the group to consider, please send them to the mailing list after this call for review on the call later today[2021-06-15T17:00:00.704Z]	<Juan_Caballero_(DIF/Spruce)>	+1[2021-06-15T17:00:09.528Z]	<JoeAndrieu>	+1 Erica![2021-06-15T17:01:16.805Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	gonna have to kick folks for notes to finish :)[2021-06-15T17:01:20.172Z]	<Wayne_Chang>	pls don't take it personally